# s01_029

## url
https://wiki.c2.com/?DistributionOfComponents

## archive url
https://tinyurl.com/bfbpryzk

## title
Distribution Of Component

## source type
Documentation 

## author type
N/A
## date
2012 January 4

## problem
1.Monolithic programs make code reuse difficult and make it hard for teams to coordinate change.
2.Designing a new system or breaking an existing up into too many components can result in overly complex and defective systems. BigBallOfMud often results.
3.Too much application logic in the client application (also known as TooMuchGuiCode) increases complexity, hardening arteries and causing high blood pressure in fat laboratory mice.
4.But totally thin clients that are completely dependent upon servers make these servers get really large and cause them to manage state for every client. This results in distribution, scalability, and reuse problems.

### solution for problem 
1.Build clients that reuse lots of smaller components that share connection resources to access application services. Instances are typically created and destroyed often. They are typically graphical in nature and do not communicate directly with other components; instead, glue is used to tie them together.
2.Build servers that consist of a defined set of larger, reusable components plugged into an application infrastructure that supports fault tolerance, is scalable, and pools server-side connection resources with clients. Instances are typically shared across many client sessions. They are typically not graphical and communicate with other services and external legacy and data services.
3.Wrap legacy systems, data services, and other external systems or data feeds with components. Connection with these components can be shared to conserve resources.
4.Distribute your components in terms of an architecture reference model such as the ThreeTierDistributionArchitecture, the FourLayerArchitecture, or the peer-to-peer distribution architecture.

## Decision Driver
1.Lack of modularity and slow development cycles
2.Insufficient consideration of system-wide architecture and lack of clear system boundaries
3.Increased complexity and decreased maintainability, reduced code reuse and scalability and the last one isPerformance and user experience implications
4.Limited scalability and responsiveness, tncreased server load and resource consumption and limited code reuse and maintainability

## Reference
N/A

## remarks
N/A