# s02_002

## url
https://www.conceptatech.com/blog/importance-of-scalability-in-software-design

## archive url
https://tinyurl.com/34hmjr5t

## title
The Importance of Scalability In Software Design

## source type
Blog post

## author type
N/A

## Date
N/A

## Problem
1. When the workload increases, problems arise. The more data stored or simultaneous users the software collects, the more strain is put on the software’s architecture.
2. Limitations that didn’t seem important in the beginning become a barrier to productivity. Patches may alleviate some of the early issues, but patches add complexity.
3. Complexity makes diagnosing problems on an on-going basis more tedious (translation: pricier and less effective).
4. Users experience slow loading times because the server takes too long to respond to requests. Other potential issues include decreased availability or even lost data.

### Solution for Problem 1. Maximum stored data: This is especially relevant for sites featuring a lot of unstructured data: user uploaded content, site reports, and some types of marketing data. Data science projects fall under this category as well. The amount of data stored by these kinds of content could rise dramatically and unexpectedly.
### Solution for Problem 2. N/A
### Solution for Problem 3. Code: Inexperienced developers tend to overlook code considerations when planning for scalability. Code should be written so that it can be added to or modified without refactoring the old code. Good developers aim to avoid duplication of effort, reducing the overall size and complexity of the codebase.
### Solution for Problem 4. Usage: Usage measures the number of simultaneous users or connections possible. There shouldn’t be any artificial limits on usage. Increasing it should be as simple as making more resources available to the software.

## Decision Driver
N/A

## References
N/A

## Remarks
N/A