# s03_002

## url
https://dilfuruz.medium.com/data-consistency-in-microservices-architecture-5c67e0f65256

## archive url
https://tinyurl.com/46emmcnn

## title
Data Consistency in Microservices Architecture

## source type
article

## author type
Dilfuruz Kizilpinar

## Date
2021. April 17

## Problem
1. Atomicity: all the steps of a transaction is succeeded or failed together, no partial state, all or nothing.
2. Consistency: all data in the database is consistent at the end of transaction.
3. Isolation: only one transaction can touch the data in the same time, other
transactions wait until completion of the working transaction.
4. Durability: data is persisted in the database at the end of the transaction.


### Solution for Problem 1. Choreography-based SAGA: No central coordinator exists in this case. Each service produces an event after completion of its task and each service listens to events to take an action. This pattern requires an mature event-driven architecture.
### Solution for Problem 2. Eventual consistency is a model used in distributed systems to achieve high availability. In an eventual consistent system, inconsistencies are allowed for a short time until solving the problem of distributed data.This model doesn’t apply to distributed ACID transactions across microservices. Eventual consistency uses the BASE database model.
### Solution for Problem 3. Distributed Transactions In a distributed transaction, transactions are executed on two or more resources. Data integrity is guaranteed across multiple databases by distributed transaction manager or coordinator.
### Solution for Problem 4. N/A


## Decision Driver
N/A

## References
N/A

## Remarks
N/A