# s04_018

## url
https://pk.org/417/notes/crypto.html#:~:text=Security%20in%20distributed%20systems%20introduces,i%20s%20the%20use%20of%20servers.

## archive url
https://tinyurl.com/ytmsyfz7

## title
Distributed Systems Security

## source type
Article

## author type
Paul Krzyzanowski

## Date
2021. April 20

## Problem
1. Security in distributed systems introduces two specific concerns that centralized systems do not have. The first is the use of a network where contents may be seen by other, possibly malicious, parties. The second is the use of servers.
2. Risks introduced by the Internet: The Internet provides us with a powerful mechanism for communicating with practically any other computer in the world. It also provides a way for attackers to target systems from practically any other computer in the world.

### Solution for Problem 1. Asymmetric power. Actors can project or harness significant force for attack. This differs dramatically from the physical world where, for example, a small nation would not risk attacking a large one that could easily overpower it. Offense can be much more effective than defense. The person or people who started Conflicker were able to harness the power of millions of computers worldwide that they could use to launch attacks or crack passwords. A Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack is an example of the use of asymmetric force. A company has only so many servers on the network. If an attacker can harness a large number of computers to send requests to the company’s servers, the servers will get overloaded and be unable to process legitimate requests. With a DDoS attack, the attacker will assemble a botnet by attacking a large set of computers and infectious them with malicious software (malware). These computers, owned by innocent people, will periodically contact a command & control server to receive directions on what attack to carry out.
### Solution for Problem 2. Action at a distance. Attackers do not need to be physically present by the computer to attack it. They can also be in a different state or even a different country. And actors can be anonymous. Actors can be anonymous. No one knows with any certainty who ran some of the biggest attacks that the world has ever experienced. Trust becomes a big challenge. When you’re. Interacting with your bank or you really communicating with your bank? How do you know and how does the bank know that it’s really you?


## Decision Driver
N/A

## References
N/A

## Remarks
N/A