# s04_002

## url
https://www.javatpoint.com/software-engineering-software-fault-tolerance

## archive url
https://tinyurl.com/5dewke2r

## title
Software Fault Tolerance

## source type
Article

## author type
Site auther

## Date
N/A

## Problem
1. Software fault tolerance is a necessary component to construct the next generation of highly available and reliable computing systems from embedded systems to data warehouse systems.
2. Software faults are all design faults. Software manufacturing, the reproduction of software, is considered to be perfect. The source of the problem being solely designed faults is very different than almost any other system in which fault tolerance is the desired property.


### Solution for Problem 1. Recovery Block is The recovery block method is a simple technique developed by Randel. The recovery block operates with an adjudicator, which confirms the results of various implementations of the same algorithm. In a system with recovery blocks, the system view is broken down into fault recoverable blocks.
### Solution for Problem 2. N-Version SoftwareThe is methods attempt to parallel the traditional hardware fault tolerance concept of N-way redundant hardware. In an N- version software system, every module is done with up to N different methods. Each variant accomplishes the same function, but hopefully in a various way. Each version then submits its answer to voter or decider, which decides the correct answer, and returns that as the result of the module.


## Decision Driver
N/A

## References
N/A

## Remarks
N/A