# s05_002

## url
https://gatling.io/2023/02/performance-bottlenecks-common-causes-and-how-to-avoid-them/

## archive url
https://tinyurl.com/pbazf4kz

## title
Performance bottleneck

## source type
Blog post

## author type
N/A

## Date
2023. February 2

## Problem
1. Software Limitations: Although a massive amount of time, energy, communication, and organization goes into application software development, it could be the source of the constricting bottleneck.
2. CPU Utilization: The CPU is a likely culprit for most performance bottlenecks. This occurs when the processor cannot perform the requests asked of it. Too many processing requests can overload the system, causing slow-downs. CPUs run database inquiries, handle information requests, execute programs, and process data. A bottleneck arises when the data that can be processed are less than the data waiting to be processed.


### Solution for Problem 1. Software bottlenecks There’s a lot that depends on the code you write – the framework you use, the libraries you import, and the development practices you follow. A software bottleneck refers to the situation when your code/software/program is the limiting factor in your setup – when it stymies an application from reaching its maximum performance potential. Network bottlenecks can usually be avoided by upgrading and augmenting the networking infrastructure – routers, switches, hubs, and access points, and examining your users’ geographical distribution, and setting up servers and CDNs accordingly.
### Solution for Problem 2. Disk usage bottlenecks If your application’s server-side code involves a lot of disk operations, one obvious way to improve speed and performance is by upgrading from HDD (Hard Disk Drive) disk storage to SSD (Solid State Drives) disk storage. Other ways of mitigating disk usage bottlenecks include increasing caching rates in RAMs and reducing data fragmentation.


## Decision Driver
N/A

## References
N/A

## Remarks
N/A