# s07

## url
https://levelup.gitconnected.com/system-design-fundamentals-data-replication-and-partitioning-ab109a46b633

## archive url
https://tinyurl.com/4my5mwew

## title
Distributed Systems

## source type
Blog post

## author type
Mariam Jaludi

## Date
2022. April 5

## Problem
1. Lack of global knowledge
2. Naming
3. Scalability
4. Compatibility
5. Process synchronization (requires global knowledge)
6. Resource management (requires global knowledge)
7. Security
8. Fault tolerance, error recovery

### Solution for Problem 1. N/A
### Solution for Problem 2. N/A
### Solution for Problem 3. Scalability relates to how well a system can handle growth, or increased demand. A system that is able to adapt and grow to support increases in data volume or transaction volume without impacting performance is considered scalable.
### Solution for Problem 4. N/A
### Solution for Problem 5. Availability is the probability a system is operational at a given point in time, under normal conditions, or how resistant a system is to failures. This is often described as a system’s fault tolerance.
### Solution for Problem 6. Reliability is the probability a system performing its intended function without failure under normal conditions for a given period of time. A reliable system will still deliver its services even when it experiences one or more failures.
### Solution for Problem 7. N/A
### Solution for Problem 8. Maintainability the probability that a system or system element can be repaired in a defined environment within a specified period of time. Increased maintainability implies shorter repair times. This encompasses how simple and fast it is to get back to full operations when a failure occurs. If the time it takes to repair a system is low, the more available a system is.

## Decision Driver
- N/A

## References
https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/understanding-database-sharding

## Remarks
N/A